cloud: remove managing dedicated clusters (#20594)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-overview.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> With TiDB Cloud, you can create an HTAP cluster easily by specifying one or more TiFlash nodes according to your HTAP workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster, TiFlash is included in the cluster for columnar storage by default. 
```
